---
slug: anti-cheat-v4
title: BFBAN Anti-Cheat Ban Guidelines-V4
date: 2024-12-29
authors: [ Fishbat627 ]
tags: [ precepts ]
---


> <u>**BFBAN Anti-Cheat Ban Guidelines**</u> is owned by BFBAN and used by BFBAN Admins (a.k.a.  the Admins). This guideline is to facilitate and standardized the judgements on the BFban.com website.
<!-- truncate -->

## Chapter 1. Lifetime stats judge

* **Article 1**. Judgment by BFBAN website robot (Menhera酱，Menhera-chan) serves as the benchmark case. Judgment from the BFV ROBOT can also be used as reference. (Most of the data threshold of the two robots are the same).
* **Article 2**. Judgment should be comprehensive and based on actual gameplay, weapons, game understanding of the Admin and past cases.
* **Article 3**. Lifetime stat of kills for a single weapon needs to reach 50 kills to serve as evidence. If multiple weapons all shows abnormal lifetime stats, they can be considered as evidence even with kills less than 50.
* **Article 4**. For new BFV cases with evidence of abnormal weapon lifetime data only, the Admins should only follow up after it is being reported over 10 minutes and it has been identified by Menhera-chan.
* **Article 5**. For new BFV cases with evidence of abnormal weapon lifetime data only, but not identified by Menhera-chan, the first Admin can either give suspicious (needs self-prove) status or vote for confirmed cheater based on his/her understanding of the game (2 votes are needed from Admins, or 1 vote from senior Admin).

## Chapter 2. In-game stats judge

* Judgement should be based on abnormal data for actual gameplays.
  * **Article 6**. Abnormal data from a single match cannot be used as the only evidence for judgement <u>**unless**</u> the data from a single match is <u>**extraordinarily**</u> far away from normal gameplay (‘extraordinarily’ can be based on Admins’ personal understanding).
  * **Article 7**. The Admins should also recognize that gameplay is random and unpredictable, so that even normal players may have excellent single match data that way above their lifetime stat.
  * **Article 8**. Judgments can be obtained from single match data and lifetime stat. Judgement cannot be obtained from <u>**one**</u> single match data unless there are multiple single match data that do not match the player’s lifetime stat.

## Chapter 3. Video, and static picture judge

* **Article 9**. Judgment based on the pictures provided by whistleblower.
  * The Admin should judge and verify whether the picture is related to the reported person and its authenticity.
  * The Admin should judge based on the picture and lifetime stat.
* **Article 10**. Judgement based on the videos provided by whistleblower.
  * The Admin should judge and verify whether the video is related to the reported person and its authenticity.
  * The Admin should judge based on the video, actual gameplay scenario and understanding of the game.
  * The Admin should judge based on the video and lifetime stat.
  * If the video is from spectator, the Admin should judge based on the video, combined with the actual gameplay scenario, spectating nature, and considering factors such as spectating delays and spectating bugs comprehensively.


## Chapter 4. Report based on chat history and e-commerce record

  * **Article 11**. Report based on chat history must include at least 20 messages before and after (the key information cannot be deleted in the chat history, otherwise it will be considered as a false report.). Pictures, videos that contains defendant’s game id and hack-related information, or social media account that represent the defendant’s game id post any picture, videos that related to cheating, will be judged by the Admins. If social media account is hacked, detailed evidence must be showed for appeal. If it is difficult to prove the real social media account that is related to the game id, and the game id had been miss represented and post any cheat related information, the game id owner needs to MOSS self-prove his/her highest lifetime performance required by the Admins, and the account will be unlocked after 7 days if there’re no new issues arise.
  * **Article 12**. If the defendant is reported by tempering the chat records, pictures, videos, etc. and post them on social media/e-commerce platform. Appeals will only be accepted by the Admins after the defendant records the exact procedures of tempering in a video, and the reproduction in the video should be almost the same as the evidence. If a third party tampers the chat records, pictures, videos, etc. of the defendant, and posts them on social media/e-commerce platform that caused the defendant be reported, then the defendant should provide the original evidence to the Admins for appeal. 

    > (The effective date of this article is 2022.12.02. Confirmed Cheater that was confirmed before this date can appeal based on this article. This article is applicable to cases that have not been closed before this date. For case report time that is later than this date, but the incident happened earlier than this date, Admins should deal with them at their discretion.)

## Chapter 5. About using vicious bugs and taking down servers

* **Article 13**. The BFBAN organization decided to ban players who intentionally use game bugs that are vicious, seriously affect the game balance, and destroy the game experience of others.
    * Players banned under this article can negotiate with the Admins:
        * First ban under this article can be lifted on the same day.
        * Second ban under this article can be lifted after one week.
        * Third ban under this article is permanent and will not be lifted.     
    * Exploding the server/taking down a server with any feature that is not permitted by EA/DICE is considered cheating and will be permanently banned.
   
## Chapter 6. About using mouse macros

* Two types of mouse macros:
    * **Mouse auto-clicker macro**: use of third-party software to achieve automatic mouse or keyboard clicks.  
    * **Gun recoil suppress macro**: use of third-party software to automatically compensate gun recoil.
* **What to ban?**
* **Article 14**. Auto-clicker can be used in many scenarios. The use of auto-clicker should be judged with actual gameplay situation and environment. For players who use the auto-clicker to automatically and continuously click on semi-automatic weapons, through self-expose, reported by others, record in MOSS and other evidence, will be banned.
* It is necessary to verify that the player has used the auto-clicker on the semi-automatic weapon before making a judgement. Use of gun recoil suppress macro will results in ban once it proved by evidence.

## Chapter 7. About how to make judgements, and how to deal with disputes

* **Article 15**. Insufficient evidence should result in <u>**Invalid report**</u>.
* **Article 16**. Insufficient evidence, but the player is highly suspicious. The first Admin that take the case, based on his/her judgement experience, can ask the player to perform MOSS self-prove within a time limit. The Admin also need to change the player status to <u>**Suspicious**</u>.
* **Article 17**. The Admins can assign <u>**voted for confirmed cheater**</u> only when the evidence is clear and sufficient.
* **Article 18**. When changing the status of a closed case, sufficient reasons must be justified.
* **Article 19**. If there are doubts about the Admin or the case itself is controversial, the defendant may request more Admin to be involved. And the opinions of the majority Admins shall prevail.


## Chapter 8. About appeal

* **Article 20**. In case of reporting/self-proof evidence becomes invalid.
    * After a successful report, if the reporting evidence is deleted or lost within half a year, the report will become an invalid report. The Admin should change the defendant status to <u>**Invalid report**</u> until the reporter provides the evidence again.
    * After a successful self-proof, if the self-proof evidence is deleted or lost within one year, the appeal is deemed invalid. The Admin should change the defendant status to <u>**Confirmed cheater**</u> until the defendant provides the self-proof again.
    * If either evidence becomes invalid, the Admin should follow the above mentioned process. If both the reporting and self-proof evidence become invalid at the same time, the Admin should change the defendant status to <u>**Invalid report**</u>.

* **Article 21**. Standardized process of self-proof
    * **21.1**. Self-proof should follow the principle of “same case same account”, that is, the account that submitted self-proof must be consistent with the account in the case. If the account in the self-proof is not consistent with the account in the report, Admin should assign <u>**Suspicious**</u> to the case. 
        > (The effective date of this article is 2022.12.02. Confirmed cheater can appeal on their cases that was closed before this date. This article is applicable to cases that have not been closed before this date. Case reported after this date, but the time of incident is before this date, the Admin should deal with them at their discretion)
    * **21.2**. Self-proof should contain the following: first-person view video (video resolution must not be lower than 720p, must not be lower than 30fps, follows the same exact sequence stated in 21.3.2), battlefieldtracker link, MOSS zip file (no rename/modification of the zip file, only upload the file). If any of the above requirements are missing or inconsistent, the original judgement shall be maintained.
    * **21.3**. Players are prohibited from using computers with software that has similar functions as sandbox or recovery software, such as “Shadow System”, for self-proof. That is, during the self-proof process, the relevant software should not be started, and MOSS record should not contain any relevant software and process records. 
        > (The effective date of this article is 2023.6.18. Confirmed cheaters can appeal on their cases that were closed before this date if this article is favored to them. This article is applicable to cases that have not been closed before this date. Case reported after this date, but the time of incident is before this date, the Admins should deal with them at their discretion)
    * **21.4**. Self-proof procedure:
        * **21.4.1**. For cases with abnormal data, the defendant can check case on BFBAN.com to understand the weapons that showing abnormal data, and contact the Admins on BFBAN.com or emails to obtain the corresponding self-proof requirements for all abnormal data weapon to proceed to self-proof.
        * **21.4.2**. Sequence of self-proof recording:
            * Start recording – start MOSS with BFV/BF1 selected – start BFV/BF1 – self-proof – stop MOSS – stop recording.
        * **21.4.3**. When the player has finished the self-proof procedure, and the majority of the Admins who review the case consider the self-proof is controversial, the player must follow stricter standards for self-proof. If the player uses mouse driver software during self-proof, it must be shown at the beginning of the self-proof video about whether macro(s) exist inside the software. If any macro exists, detailed explanation of its content, functionality, using scenarios are required, and the player needs to demonstrate of the actual usage of the macro(s).
            * Stricter standard of MOSS self-proof process: start cellphone recording – computer startup – Open Task Manager – close all non-system processes – start computer recording– start MOSS with BFV/BF1 selected – start BFV/BF1 – Cellphone recording ends after entering BFV/BF1 – self-proof gameplay until requirements fulfilled (no lessthan 10 min) – stop MOSS and present the generated zip file (name and size) – stop computer recording.

* **Article 22**. About self-proof for abnormal weapon data.
    * **22.1**. The specific self-proof standards are subjected to the Admin that process the appeal.
    * **22.2**. The Admins should consider differences in play styles, different damage setting of the server, combine the weapon efficiency and the server type that the defendant has been playing for a long time to setup the self-proof requirements.
        * The Admins should consider both lifetime stats and game record on battlefieldtracker to find the damage multiplier of the server. In principle, abnormal data obtained from 200% damage server should be self-proved in 200% damage server, abnormal data obtained from 100% damage server should be self-proved in the 100% damage server.
    * **22.3**. There is no limitation on self-proof maps for abnormal life stat weapon. Abnormal data from a single game or multiple games need to be self-proved in corresponding maps.
    * **22.4**. Self-proof between different types of weapons cannot be used universally. For example, if both bolt-action sniper and semi-automatic rifles have abnormal data, then the player needs self-proof twice. The same applies to submachine guns, machine guns, and automatic rifles. (except special weapons, such as M30, Chauchat, Breda, etc)

* **Article 23**. About random events and bugs that may appear, exist, and happen by chance during a game, and how to self-proof a bug.
    * It should be correctly understood and acknowledged that there might be accidental random events in the game due to various reasons, bugs that are not subjectively used by players, or abnormal kills (behaviors) caused by undiscovered game mechanisms. For kills and behaviors caused by undiscovered bugs, if currently known cheating software do not have this related function, the admin should give priority to <u>**Invalid report**</u>. If it is known that cheating software has this related function, the defendant needs to reproduce the relevant bug, otherwise the appeal will not be accepted.
        > (The effective date of this article is 2023.01.14. Confirmed cheater can appeal on their cases if this new article are beneficial to the player. This article is applicable to cases that have not been closed before this date. For case reported after this date, but the time of incident is before this date, the Admin should deal with them at their discretion)

* **Article 24**. Abnormal stat from power leveling or streamer boosting
    * **24.1**. When the account with abnormal stat from power leveling or streamer boosting has been reported and labeled as confirmed hacker or suspicious, the player should contact BFBAN Cheating Identification Team to confirm the fact of the power leveling transaction with the Admin and provide evidence.
        * If the account is judged as recent gameplay stats are inconsistent with lifetime stats, but the power leveling or streamer boosting transaction time, gameplay time, and power leveler/streamer lifetime stat do match, the Admins will give priority to vote for “invalid report” and add the actual player’s id and lifetime stats during this incident as comment.
        * If stats from one or more rounds of gameplay are judged as abnormal stats, the Admins need to confirm power leveling or streamer boosting transaction time, gameplay time. If the above information is confirmed, the power leveler/streamer needs to follow the self-proof procedure on the exact account that has been reported.
        * If the account is judged as recent gameplay stats are inconsistent with lifetime stats, or the power leveling or streamer boosting transaction time, gameplay time does not match. The original judgement shall be maintained, and the power leveler/streamer should not be included in this case.
    > (The effective date of this article is 2023.6.18. Confirmed cheaters can appeal on their cases that were closed before this date if this article is favored to them. This article is applicable to cases that have not been closed before this date. Case reported after this date, but the time of incident is before this date, the Admin should deal with them at their discretion)

## Chapter 9. Handling cases related to the use of unpacked weapons

* **Article 25**. <Imp>If there is clear evidence that the player actively used cheats to obtain or utilize unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map on official DICE servers and community servers without passwords, the Admin should <u>**vote for confirmed cheater**</u> after confirming.</Imp>
* **Article 26**. For cases in the aforementioned servers that the reported individual has lifetime kill/usage records of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map, but the match time is untraceable for the reported individual, if the reported individual has not disabled match information sharing and the existing evidence cannot prove that they actively used cheats to obtain or use these items,  <Imp>the Admin should change the case status to <u>**Invalid report**</u> after confirming that the match time is untraceable, and the kill/usage records of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map are either low number of kills, short usage duration, or low usage frequency.</Imp>
* **Article 27**. <Imp>For cases in the aforementioned servers that the reported individual has lifetime kill/usage records of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map, and the match time of the kill or usage records can be confirmed, but existing evidence cannot prove that the reported individual actively used cheats to obtain or use these items, the Admin should <u>**vote for confirmed cheater**</u> for cases involving a high number of kills, long usage durations, or high usage frequency.</Imp>
* **Article 28**. <Imp>For cases in the aforementioned servers which video evidence shows that the reported individual actively requested unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map from cheating players, the Admin should <u>**vote for confirmed cheater**</u> and await the reported individual's appeal.</Imp>
> <Highlight>(Chapter 9 first effective date: November 5, 2022; revised on December 21, 2024. Versions: ver1. Initial - 2022.11.04, ver2.  2022.11.05-2024.12.20, ver3. 2024.12.21-present, three versions in total.  If the kill/usage time of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons do not exist on the map is traceable from the provided evidence, the version that is most favorable to the reported individual will be selected from versions that have effective date after the kill/usage time from evidence. If the kill/usage time is untraceable, the version that is most favorable to the reported individual among all above mentioned versions is selected for judgment.)</Highlight>

## Chapter 10. Handling appeals of cases related to the use of unpacked weapons

* **Article 29**. <Imp>If there is clear evidence that the player actively used cheats to obtain or utilize unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons not exist on the map on official DICE servers and community servers without passwords, the appeal will not be accepted.</Imp>
* **Article 30**.  If the reported individual can provide detailed appeal materials proving that the kill/usage records of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map in their career or match history <Imp>were maliciously framed and resulted in their passive possession of such items (eg., weapon exchanged while being revived), and if the malicious framing resulted in a low number of kill records, short usage duration, and low frequency of use,</Imp> the Admin should review the appeal materials. The evidence related to the malicious framing will then be considered invalid, <Imp>and a new judgment will be made based on the remaining evidence after exclusion.</Imp>
* **Article 31**. <Imp>For cases on the aforementioned servers that the reported individual has lifetime kill/usage records of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map, and the kill numbers are substantial, usage duration is lengthy, or usage frequency is high,  the appeal will not be accepted.</Imp>
* **Article 32**. <Imp>For cases on the aforementioned servers that the reported individual actively requested unpacked weapons or equipment obtained through cheats, or weapons that do not exist on the map, from cheating players, after the reported individual submits an appeal, the Admin will handle cases with low number of kills, short usage duration, or low usage frequency as follows:</Imp>
    * <Imp>First ban under this article: After the reported individual fully acknowledges the unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons that do not exist on the map, apologizes for his/her behavior, and promises that he/she will no longer actively request such items from cheating players, the case status will be changed to <u>**Invalid report**</u> after three days.</Imp>
    * <Imp>Second ban under this article: The appeal will not be accepted.</Imp>
    * <Imp>For cases with conditions other than mentioned above, the appeal will not be accepted.</Imp>
* <Imp>**Article 33**. For appeals regarding the use of weapons that do not exist on the map in the above-mentioned servers, if the Admin verifies that the weapon cannot be obtained and the appealing player refuses to acknowledge the Admin's conclusion, the player must record a video as self-proof within one month to reproduce the acquisition of such weapon in the corresponding map/game mode. If the self-proof is successful, the case status will be changed to <u>**Invalid report**</u>. If the self-proof fails, the case will be handled according to the previous four articles of this chapter.</Imp>
> <Highlight>(Chapter 10 first effective date: November 5, 2022; revised on December 21, 2024. Versions: ver1. Initial - 2022.11.04, ver2.  2022.11.05-2024.12.20, ver3. 2024.12.21-present, three versions in total.  If the kill/usage time of unpacked weapons, equipment, or weapons do not exist on the map is traceable from the provided evidence, the version that is most favorable to the reported individual will be selected from versions that have effective date after the kill/usage time from evidence. If the kill/usage time is untraceable, the version that is most favorable to the reported individual among all above mentioned versions is selected for judgment.)</Highlight>
----

This guideline is used by the BFBAN Cheating Identification Team (CIT). The Admins should supervise each other based on this guideline. This guideline can be modified through consultation among the Admins. Modified sections will be <Imp>marked in red</Imp>.

----

The final interpretation right belongs to BFBAN. The final penalty decision is made by BFBAN.

