---
slug: recruitment-guidelines-v1
title: BFBAN招新准则与“编外”职位-第1版
date: 2022-8-30
authors: [Carbon235AALoliS]
tags: [recruitment-criteria]
---
<!-- truncate -->

:::info

Note that the United States/Europe is not currently hosted, so the Asian side will review the community administration, please contact the BFBAN server administrator or Discord BFBAN community administration that you can contact

:::

:::tip

This recruitment standard is for English language people, if you are other regions, please switch the language in the upper right corner of this site to view!

:::

  * BFBAN management direct application way: new administrator predecessor requirements bf series game time at least 1000h (such as other fps ability to outstanding can be appropriate to lower), performance in the upper, have the enthusiasm to serve, abide by the rules of the bfban members can be. Newly promoted admins should have at least 7 days of ‘supernumerary’ work.
  * BFBAN management non-direct application method: through the ‘supernumerary’ work, the results are recognised by the public and BFBAN, familiar with the various norms of BFBAN and the processing process, both good conduct and character, without the need for game technology requirements and time requirements, you can apply to become a BFBAN management.

**About ‘supernumeraries’**
  * A ‘supernumerary’ does not have any BFBAN executive powers.
  * The main duties of the ‘supernumerary’ include, but are not limited to, reporting cheating players, helping to answer questions in the group or on other platforms, and assisting other BF players in BFBAN matters, such as reporting on behalf of them, guiding them to report on norms, and guiding them to file complaints on norms.
  * ‘supernumerary’ in general is not a specific position in BFBAN, but rather for the enthusiasm in BFBAN affairs related to the public service of BF players community of public service characters, as long as there is a passion to serve the player community and behavioural example, can be regarded as BFBAN ‘supernumerary’. ‘BFBAN However, if you want to apply to become an administrator's ‘supernumerary’ through the BFBAN management non-direct application method, you need to be bound by the rules of conduct.

**Application methods**
  - Discord Group: discord.gametools.network
  - Email: services@bfban.com
